feat: allow specifying JWT header when signing (#29)
veraison/rust-ear: README.md

assert!(SystemTime::now().duration_since(UNIX_EPOCH).unwrap() < exp2);
```

# JWT headers

When signing with `sign_jwt_pem`/`sign_jwk_der`, only the `alg` header is set in the resulting
JWT based on the the specified algorithm. If other headers need to be specified, then
`sign_jwt_pem_with_header` and `sign_jwk_der_with_header` can be used instead; these take a

> `jwt::Header` instead of an algorithm. A new header can be reated from an alorithm using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jwt::Header` instead of an algorithm. A new header can be created from an algorithm using
```
